Peter venom in the studio jumping for us
tonight yeah Peter can we do some more
junk now yeah about five minutes old
news okay jump yep again jump okay hire
a great jump yep hey Nate needs to chest
jump Rach okay thanks Peter show more
jumping from you in about 20 minutes or
so sure yeah okay we'll be hearing from
you that not gonna tell you
something how come leave not uh you have
to be quick yeah how can I tell you yeah
yesterday this is amazing okay can you
be quickest on the tube yesterday right
it's an interesting could you think a
sore on the tube oh I don't know where
Don McLean no I know I saw Norman Tebbit
on the tube on the tube yeah normal
tuber yeah yeah I mean there's a whole
person damn it yet Norman Tebbit only on
the circle line what on a tube yes yes
no no no no no this is that with
haseltine with michael has done this is
truly I couldn't believe it yes I don't
believe that's a pact trailer to life
yeah yeah okay so I saw exactly the same
two on the central line last yeah no
this is serious i disagreed absolutely
this ok there was sitting side by side
on the ground at yeager trey and they
were talking i'll tell you exactly they
were talking and they was huddled
together and they was doing something
there was some kind of plot going on yes
they were those whispering and loud
voice they'll go like hassle time would
turn to the rest of the people in the
site yeah i got like me want to be Prime
Minister wing gangster yeah really is
weird Liam adjust and then the gong to
do they get onto this whole thing about
this this setup that they're gonna draw
on John Major to destroy his reputation
of the Tory conference what this thing
with with with the Prescott shoot yeah
yeah it's gonna be a press call on the
promenade and there's gonna be one of
those fairground duck shoot things where
they have yellow tin ducks you know long
waves and an air gun yeah and the major
someone to do it like labor sitting
ducks that's right on the jack a little
red blob on each duck yeah and AJ was
gonna have the gun in his hand yeah and
then he was good up with this idea was
that this n that we even gonna fire the
gun yeah at the duck shoot yeah which
point there be a scream from behind the
times yeah and the health of mine would
shoot out from the crowd and then emerge
from behind the Ducks room with the
exhibit just slumped in his arms and
blood all over the place like what this
fake blood coming up is mere just like
in this thing and it gonna making a
hissing noise and hazel time would would
then run up to major with
tebet over his shoulders yeah like a
fireman yeah and say hey you your blood
lad you all you bloody fool yeah and
then just stalk off just like you do on
the Westland affair down downing street
with Tebbutt flapping over his shoulder
that's right majors career in ruins and
all the press there to photograph it I'm
an amazing that was the freakiest thing
when they'd agreed that and shook hands
on it they solid sings this song yeah
yeah yeah okay what song did they sing
and lovely day lovely day by bill will
with us yeah hessel time taking the top
he was going a lovely day and this
tebbetts going lovely day lovely day
lovely day lovely a day and when he did
lovely day by battery how did you do it
did it go right absolutely spot-on